DOCS-579 Update network revert docs. (#1789)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/network.rst

.. _webui_interface_warning:

.. note:: When any network changes are made an animated icon appears in the
   upper-right |web-ui| panel to show there are pending network changes.
   When the icon is clicked it prompts to review the recent network
   changes. Reviewing the network changes goes to
   :menuselection:`Network --> Interfaces` where the changes can be
   permanently applied or discarded.
   
   When :guilabel:`APPLY CHANGES` is clicked the network changes are
   temporarily applied for 60 seconds by default. This value can be

>    changed by entering a positive integer in the seconds field. This
>    feature is nice because if a network mistake is made that disrupts
>    connectivity, the settings will automatically revert preventing any
>    further issues.

Reviewer: tense/agreement issue with "will automatically revert preventing" and small rework suggestion
```suggestion
   changed by entering a positive integer in the seconds field. This
   feature is nice because the network settings preview can automatically
   roll back any configuration errors that are accidentally saved.
```

   If the network settings applied work as intended, click

>    :guilabel:`KEEP CHANGES`. Otherwise, the changes can be discraded by

Author: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`KEEP CHANGES`. Otherwise, the changes can be discarded by
```
